ROX#19804: Update docs for consolidated scanning (#72452)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/central-services-public-config.adoc

[id="central-services-public-configuration-file-image_{context}"]
== Image
Image declares the configuration to set up the main registry, which the Helm chart uses to resolve images for the `central.image`, `scanner.image`, and `scanner.dbImage` parameters.

> #Are changes needed here?#

Reviewer: correct. configuration options are the same.

| `scanner.dbResources.limits.cpu`
| The CPU limit for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.image.registry`
| A custom registry for the StackRox Scanner image.

| `scanner.image.name`
| The custom image name that overrides the default StackRox Scanner image name (`scanner`).

| `scanner.dbImage.registry`
| A custom registry for the StackRox Scanner DB image.

| `scanner.dbImage.name`
| The custom image name that overrides the default StackRox Scanner DB image name (`scanner-db`).

| `scanner.dbNodeSelector`
| Specify a node selector label as `label-key: label-value` to force the StackRox Scanner DB to only schedule on nodes with the specified label.

| `scanner.dbTolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the StackRox Scanner DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

|===

[id="central-services-public-configuration-file-scannerv4_{context}"]
== Scanner V4
The following table lists the configurable parameters for Scanner V4.

|===
| Parameter | Description

| `scannerV4.disable`

> | Use `false` to enable Scanner V4. When setting this parameter, the StackRox scanner must also be enabled by setting `scanner.disable=false`. You cannot enable Scanner V4 without also enabling the StackRox scanner. When you use it with the `helm upgrade` command, Helm removes the existing Scanner V4 deployment.

Author: Rewrote per discussion on Slack with Moritz.

| `scannerV4.exposeMonitoring`
| Specify `true` to expose Prometheus metrics endpoint for Scanner V4 on port number `9090`.

> 

Reviewer: Please don't mention `scannerV4.indexer.disable`, only `scannerV4.disable`.
Regarding `affinity` and `metricsPort`...  I would strive for consistency with the rest of the of documentation. If we have them documented for the other components, then I guess we could (and should) just copy it over to Scanner V4.

> 

Author: I don't see these documented elsewhere for scanner, so I'll leave out.

| The memory request for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scannerV4.db.resources.requests.cpu`
| The CPU request for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.db.resources.limits.memory`
| The memory limit for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.db.resources.limits.cpu`
| The CPU limit for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scannerV4.db.nodeSelector`
| Specify a node selector label as `label-key: label-value` to force the Scanner V4 DB to only schedule on nodes with the specified label.

| `scannerV4.db.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the Scanner V4 DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scannerV4.db.image.registry`
| A custom registry for the Scanner V4 DB image.

| `scannerV4.db.image.name`
| The custom image name that overrides the default Scanner V4 DB image name (`scannerV4-db`).

| `scannerV4.image.registry`
| A custom registry for the Scanner V4 image.

| `scannerV4.image.name`

> | The custom image name that overrides the default Scanner V4 image name (`scannerV4`).

Author: There are 4 similar parameters for StackRox Scanner: scanner.image.registry, scanner.image.name, scanner.dbImage.registry, and scanner.dbImage.name.

Are there also 4 for Scanner V4? I think this is what I have here in 419-423, not duplicated

> | The custom image name that overrides the default Scanner V4 image name (`scannerV4`).

Reviewer 2: hmm perhaps I misread. Looks good now in terms of repeats. However, the image name should be `scanner-v4`, not `scannerV4`

| The maximum number of replicas for autoscaling.

| `scanner.resources.requests.memory`
| The memory request for the StackRox Scanner to override the default value.

| `scanner.resources.requests.cpu`
| The CPU request for the StackRox Scanner to override the default value.

| `scanner.resources.limits.memory`
| The memory limit for the StackRox Scanner to override the default value.

| `scanner.resources.limits.cpu`
| The CPU limit for the StackRox Scanner to override the default value.

| `scanner.dbResources.requests.memory`
| The memory request for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.dbResources.requests.cpu`
| The CPU request for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.dbResources.limits.memory`
| The memory limit for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.dbResources.limits.cpu`
| The CPU limit for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.image.registry`
| A custom registry for the StackRox Scanner image.

> | ` `

Reviewer 2: was this an accident or due to my "duplicate" comment? Sorry if I caused confusion. I think this should be reverted

| The custom image name that overrides the default StackRox Scanner image name (`scanner`).

| `scanner.dbImage.registry`
| A custom registry for the StackRox Scanner DB image.

| `scanner.dbImage.name`
| The custom image name that overrides the default StackRox Scanner DB image name (`scanner-db`).

| `scanner.dbNodeSelector`
| Specify a node selector label as `label-key: label-value` to force the StackRox Scanner DB to only schedule on nodes with the specified label.

| `scanner.dbTolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the StackRox Scanner DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

|===

[id="central-services-public-configuration-file-scannerv4_{context}"]
== Scanner V4
The following table lists the configurable parameters for Scanner V4.

|===
| Parameter | Description

| `scannerV4.db.persistence.persistentVolumeClaim.claimName`
|The name of the PVC to manage persistent data for Scanner V4.

> If no PVC with the given name exists, it will be created. The default value is `scanner-v4-db` if not set. To prevent data loss, the PVC is not removed automatically when Central is deleted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If no PVC with the given name exists, it is created. The default value is `scanner-v4-db` if not set. To prevent data loss, the PVC is not removed automatically when Central is deleted.
```

> If no PVC with the given name exists, it will be created. The default value is `scanner-v4-db` if not set. To prevent data loss, the PVC is not removed automatically with Central`s deletion.

Reviewer 3: I missed this table earlier :facepalm: 
```suggestion
If no PVC with the given name exists, it is created. The default value is `scanner-v4-db` if not set. To prevent data loss, the PVC is not removed automatically when Central is deleted.
```

| `scannerV4.disable`
| Use `false` to enable Scanner V4. When setting this parameter, the StackRox Scanner must also be enabled by setting `scanner.disable=false`. Until feature parity between the StackRox Scanner and Scanner V4 is reached, Scanner V4 can only be used in combination with the StackRox Scanner. Enabling Scanner V4 without also enabling the StackRox Scanner is not supported. When you set this parameter to `true` with the `helm upgrade` command, Helm removes the existing Scanner V4 deployment.

| `scannerV4.exposeMonitoring`
| Specify `true` to expose Prometheus metrics endpoint for Scanner V4 on port number `9090`.

| `scannerV4.indexer.replicas`
| The number of replicas to create for the Scanner V4 Indexer deployment.
When you use it with the `scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling` parameter, this value sets the initial number of replicas.

| `scannerV4.indexer.logLevel`
| Configure the log level for the Scanner V4 Indexer.

> Red Hat recommends that you not change the log level's default value (`INFO`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Red Hat recommends that you not change the default log level value (`INFO`).
```

| `scannerV4.indexer.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the Scanner V4 Indexer. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling.disable`
| Use `true` to disable autoscaling for the Scanner V4 Indexer deployment.
When you disable autoscaling, the `minReplicas` and `maxReplicas` parameters do not have any effect.

| `scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling.minReplicas`
| The minimum number of replicas for autoscaling.

| `scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling.maxReplicas`
| The maximum number of replicas for autoscaling.

| `scannerV4.indexer.resources.requests.memory`
| The memory request for the Scanner V4 Indexer to override the default value.

| `scannerV4.indexer.resources.requests.cpu`
| The CPU request for the Scanner V4 Indexer to override the default value.

| `scannerV4.indexer.resources.limits.memory`
| The memory limit for the Scanner V4 Indexer to override the default value.

| `scannerV4.indexer.resources.limits.cpu`

> | The CPU limit for the Scanner V4 Indexer to override the default value.

Reviewer 3: For all of these, do we need "to override the default value"? That's generally what the user is doing when they change a parameter value.

| `scannerV4.matcher.replicas`
| The number of replicas to create for the Scanner V4 Matcher deployment.
When you use it with the `scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling` parameter, this value sets the initial number of replicas.

| `scannerV4.matcher.logLevel`

> | Configure the log level for the Scanner V4 Matcher. Red Hat recommends that you not change the log level's default value (`INFO`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Configure the log level for the Scanner V4 Matcher. Red Hat recommends that you not change the default log level value (`INFO`).
```

| `scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling.disable`
| Use `true` to disable autoscaling for the Scanner V4 Matcher deployment.
When you disable autoscaling, the `minReplicas` and `maxReplicas` parameters do not have any effect.

| `scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling.minReplicas`
| The minimum number of replicas for autoscaling.

| `scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling.maxReplicas`
| The maximum number of replicas for autoscaling.

| `scannerV4.matcher.resources.requests.memory`
| The memory request for the Scanner V4 Matcher to override the default value.

| `scannerV4.matcher.resources.requests.cpu`
| The CPU request for the Scanner V4 Matcher to override the default value.

| `scannerV4.db.resources.requests.memory`
| The memory request for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scannerV4.db.resources.requests.cpu`
| The CPU request for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.db.resources.limits.memory`
| The memory limit for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.db.resources.limits.cpu`

> | The CPU limit for the Scanner V4 database deployment to override the default values.

Reviewer 3: Same Q here about the need for "to override the default values"

| `scannerV4.db.nodeSelector`
| Specify a node selector label as `label-key: label-value` to force the Scanner V4 DB to only schedule on nodes with the specified label.

| `scannerV4.db.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the Scanner V4 DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scannerV4.db.image.registry`
| A custom registry for the Scanner V4 DB image.

| `scannerV4.db.image.name`

> | The custom image name that overrides the default Scanner V4 DB image name (`scannerV4-db`).

Reviewer 2: `scanner-v4-db`

| The memory limit for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.dbResources.limits.cpu`
| The CPU limit for the StackRox Scanner database deployment to override the default values.

| `scanner.image.registry`
| A custom registry for the StackRox Scanner image.

| `scanner.image.name`
| The custom image name that overrides the default StackRox Scanner image name (`scanner`).

| `scanner.dbImage.registry`
| A custom registry for the StackRox Scanner DB image.

| `scanner.dbImage.name`
| The custom image name that overrides the default StackRox Scanner DB image name (`scanner-db`).

| `scanner.dbNodeSelector`
| Specify a node selector label as `label-key: label-value` to force the StackRox Scanner DB to only schedule on nodes with the specified label.

| `scanner.dbTolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the StackRox Scanner DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

|===

[id="central-services-public-configuration-file-scannerv4_{context}"]
== Scanner V4
Configurable parameters for Scanner V4.

> #Are these similar to the StackRox scanner parameters, but with "v4" in the name? I assume the descriptions would be the same.#

Reviewer 4: Using [this as a reference](https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/blob/master/image/templates/helm/shared/internal/scanner-v4-config-shape.yaml), believe the new values would be:

```
scannerV4.disable
scannerV4.exposeMonitoring
scannerV4.indexer.replicas
scannerV4.indexer.logLevel
scannerV4.indexer.nodeSelector
scannerV4.indexer.tolerations
scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling.disable
scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling.minReplicas
scannerV4.indexer.autoscaling.maxReplicas
scannerV4.indexer.resources.requests.memory
scannerV4.indexer.resources.requests.cpu
scannerV4.indexer.resources.limits.memory
scannerV4.indexer.resources.limits.cpu
scannerV4.matcher.replicas
scannerV4.matcher.logLevel
scannerV4.matcher.nodeSelector
scannerV4.matcher.tolerations
scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling.disable
scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling.minReplicas
scannerV4.matcher.autoscaling.maxReplicas
scannerV4.matcher.resources.requests.memory
scannerV4.matcher.resources.requests.cpu
scannerV4.matcher.resources.limits.memory
scannerV4.matcher.resources.limits.cpu
scannerV4.db.resources.requests.memory
scannerV4.db.resources.requests.cpu
scannerV4.db.resources.limits.memory
scannerV4.db.resources.limits.cpu
scannerV4.image.registry
scannerV4.image.name
scannerV4.db.image.registry
scannerV4.db.image.name
scannerV4.db.nodeSelector
scannerV4.db.tolerations
```

| A custom environment variable for all Central containers.

| `customize.scanner.labels`

> | A custom label to attach to all objects that Scanner creates. #Will there be two separate parameters for StackRox Scanner and Scanner V4?#

Author: can add these later - please lmk

> | A custom label to attach to all objects that Scanner creates. #Will there be two separate parameters for StackRox Scanner and Scanner V4?#

Reviewer: Well, for StackRox scanner we have `customize.scanner` and `customize.scanner-db` while for Scanner V4 we have `customize.scanner-v4-indexer`, `customize.scanner-v4-matcher` and `customize.scanner-v4-db`.

When adding label or annotation customizations below these structures, then these will be injected into the respective deployments (indexer, matcher, db) *and* into the pods belonging to them. The semantics should be exactly the same as for the old scanner.
